hey what's going on guys it's sam or
shawls and got another monomer for to
live commentary for you playing some
team deathmatch on trailer park my
team's losing right now so hopefully we
can turn that around got the UMP this
past 12 and here are some people or
shoot oh shoot
hi there you go I'll shoot predator nice
all right there we go oh nice right
through the oh damn I got shot through
the wall my kill shakes head up today is
the UAV the Harrier and the know the UAV
the pave low and the chopper gunner i
believe so really high killstreaks set
up gotta conserve ammo or at least pick
up weapons because don't have enough
bullets to get to the pave low I think I
also do really really well oh I'm doing
pretty well right now I can't lie ah
nice oh please don't die please please
please in the fuck out of here
wow I just got it oh my gosh please let
me get one kill shoot I'm scared and
scrambler yes oh my gosh I'm gonna
really well right now Wow oh dude that
would have been pretty sick wow I'm not
using the right setup at all I thought I
had a chopper gunner on this hi this is
a weird killstreak setup for sure the
ac-130 is not very good on team
deathmatches you'll probably see over
the next 30 seconds
I'm doing pretty decent with it I can't
lie come on triple kill please I double
not too bad damn it they're all back in
that building see if I can get in that
window who I got one all right nice got
a UAV 2 that's a little extra bonus I
don't want to run down over there to the
left because I know there's people with
assault rifle is probably waiting for me
maybe not actually yeah a lot of them
are sitting really far back for when oh
no no you all right nothing I can do
about that death but wow that guy took
my kill I didn't take my kill but I was
just getting ready to kill that guy
probably shouldn't have marathon on
format this small
on it
all thank God I kill that guy with that
bullet I think that was my very last
bullet in my clip that I got him with oh
darn it alright this game started pretty
strong is going to end pretty weak well
there he is NCM almost completely
overlooked in come on when you get these
last two kills and I'll in 40 and 40 so
close alright still a good game hope you
guys enjoy it late arrival final score
39 and four I will see you guys later
hope you enjoyed the game peace out